You want to compare with me
You have to get some prizes anyway
What do you want?
100,000 the loser 100,000 the winner
A good gentleman is hard to chase
Don't be too proud boy
Trying to take money from me
It depends on whether you have the ability.
Stop the ink
Hurry up and come up with the question book
Don't wait to run away with the girl like smoke
Now listen to this.
My first link is lonely and cold, and the window is empty and widowed.
How is it boy
Come on
If you don't come up, hurry up and pack up and come back.
Here it is.
I can match you with my eyes closed
Handsome woman with Mingding
Oh, do you want me to give you another one?
Raging rivers and seas
You must have cheated.
The topic is yours, how can I cheat?
Willing to admit defeat 100,000 two silver
If you want to take my money, you at least have to spend it with your life
How ridiculous
You are willing to gamble and not admit defeat
Somebody take him down for me
son
Strong dragon overwhelms the ground snake
Why don't you take a step back?
Why do plum blossom tears exist?
Who are you really?
I'm someone you can't afford to offend
If you dare to touch a hair on me
My father won't let you go
Zhang Han has a son like you
Regret it badly
Take him down here!
Go to Zhang Han's house and ask him for money
100,000 two points less